 VPS - Privacy and Green Energy - 1984 Hosting Help Announcements Webmail Sign in Products & Pricing About 1984 Contact Products & Pricing About 1984 Contact Sign in Webmail Help Announcements Icelandic Create account Create account VPS - Privacy and Green Energy High-performance VPS running on 100% green energy. Preconfigured WireGuard and OpenVPN help you bypass restricted internet and protect your digital privacy. The 1984 VPS is massively stable and reliable and runs on enterprise grade hardware. Interface to the service consists of a root access to a virtualized instance over ssh or web based VNC. Preconfigured images available Get up and running instantly with our specialized server images. OpenVPN For freedom fighters The only VPN to be trusted is the one you have full control over. The server and client certificates are automatically generated and the client file sent via email to the customer afterwards. Runs on port 443, which is almost always accessible. All logging is sent to /dev/null and DNS queries are made on the same server. Wireguard Also for freedom fighters 40-50% faster than OpenVPN. Route all your traffic through an encrypted tunnel, perfect for bypassing internet controlled by a fascist government. LEMP Ready to use webserver LEMP stands for Linux, nginx (pronounced Engine x), MySQL, and PHP. It comes preconfigured with an optimized PHP setup which can run, depending on the size of the server, load heavy sites. It is also good as a content delivery server for example advertisement banners, videos, or even a fileserver for files to download. Nextcloud Server Ready to use Nextcloud Run your own cloud service. Nextcloud, the next generation open source Enterprise File Sync and Share software, the server is optimized for high usage with Let's Encrypt HTTPS certificate. Always-On DDoS Protection All 1984 VPS services include enterprise-grade DDoS protection at no additional cost. Our multi-layer mitigation platform continuously monitors traffic and automatically filters malicious attacks to keep your services online. View Protection Details Ready to get started? To order VPS hosting you need to register, click the button below to go to the registration form. If you have any questions regarding this product send us a request using the contact form, or a direct email to 1984@1984.is! Learn more about our Always-On DDoS Protection in the FAQ Sign Up Now Free speech and privacy since 2006. 1984 ehf. P.O. Box 126 121 Reykjavík ICELAND Telephone: +354 546 1984 Email: 1984@1984.is Abuse: abuse@1984.is Products Hosting VPS Managed Hosting FreeDNS WordPress Security Pack Support Knowledge Base FAQ Contact Service Status Freedom ADL Litigations Announcements Company About 1984 Policies & Certifications © 2006-2026 1984 ehf. · All Rights Reserved. Terms Privacy Cookies Close 