 Cheap cloud-hosting – low vps prices for developers THIS WEBSITE USES COOKIES We want you to have the best possible user experience on our website. We use cookies to analyze how visitors like you use our website, so we can make improvements. And we use cookies to make sure that the website functions normally. For more info, see our privacy policy . You can edit your cookie settings there at any time. Allow all cookies Allow necessary cookies × Choose your location settings Language Deutsch English Currency € EUR $ USD Country (VAT) Country (VAT) All others Australia Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Romania Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sweden Switzerland Ukraine United Kingdom USA Save settings We noticed you're browsing from a different part of the world. Switch to settings tailored to your location? yes Blog Community Jobs About us Company Pressroom Our customers Career Legal Support Login Console Robot konsoleH Dedicated Cloud Web & Managed Storage Services Server Auction from Server Finder from EX-Line from AX-Line from RX-Line SX-Line from GPU-Line from DX-Line from Server Auction Prices drop & excitement mounts. Place bids in our Server Auction! from Server Finder Configure the server of your dreams. In seconds. from EX-Line Server Get your own dedicated server at an unbeatable price from AX-Line Server Brand new AMD processors from RX-Line Servers Exceptional performance thanks to Arm64-based architecture SX-Line Server Storage and protection for your sensitive data from Dedicated GPU Server Powerful and cost-efficient servers for AI workload. from BRAND SERVER Brand name hardware from Dell from Web Hosting from Managed Server from Web Hosting Prices for beginners and businesses from Managed Servers We‘ll take care of the technical stuff. from Object Storage from Storage Box from Storage Share from Object Storage S3-compatible and scalable storage solution. from Storage Box Self-managed online storage. Available everywhere and at any time. from Storage Share Easily store and share files. from Load Balancer from Domain check from DNS Management free of charge Registration Robot from SSL Certificate from Custom Solutions on demand Load Balancer Next level application scaling. from Domain check Your address – unique and memorable from DNS Management Easy to use DNS management platform. List, add, modify or remove zones and records free of charge Registration Robot In a hurry? No problem! Register domains yourself. from SSL Certificate Build more trust! Secure data transfers from Custom Solutions Get the tailored setup and hardware you need. on demand Close Server Auction from Server Finder from Dedicated EX-Line from AX-Line from RX-Line SX-Line from GPU-Line from DX-Line from Cloud Web & Managed Web Hosting from Managed Server from Storage Object Storage from Storage Box from Storage Share from Services Load Balancer from Domain check from DNS Management free of charge Registration Robot from SSL Certificate from Custom Solutions on demand Blog Jobs Community About us Company Pressroom Our customers Career Legal Support Login Console Robot konsoleH Cloud Cost-Optimized: Cheap Entry Level Very cost-effective For test environments Low to medium CPU usage Create cloud instance Affordable Cloud Servers With our Cost-Optimized plan, you get cloud instances at a very affordable price. Perfect for new test and development environments, smaller projects, or private blogs and web hosting. Since proven hardware generations that continue to be used are sufficient for these areas of application, we use them specifically and pass the savings directly on to you. However, this resource-saving use means that the number of available servers is limited. GDPR-compliant Over 1,000,000 happy customers VCPU RAM Drives Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Price CX23 not available 2 Intel®/AMD 4 GB 40 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CAX11 not available 2 Ampere® 4 GB 40 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CX33 not available 4 Intel®/AMD 8 GB 80 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CAX21 not available 4 Ampere® 8 GB 80 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CX43 not available 8 Intel®/AMD 16 GB 160 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CAX31 not available 8 Ampere® 16 GB 160 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CX53 not available 16 Intel®/AMD 32 GB 320 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month CAX41 not available 16 Ampere® 32 GB 320 GB NVMe from /month from /month /hour /hour Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your cloud server before the end of the billing month, we will only bill you for the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Create This product is currently unavailable. Please check back later. Details eu-central NBG1 HEL1 Traffic inclusive 20 TB Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . Cloud servers located in the EU include at least 20 TB of included traffic. For each additional TB at EU-Central locations we charge . /month /month Show more products Show less products Price incl. IPv4 ▪ Available Locations eu-central FSN NBG HEL Extremely cost-effective Thanks to proven hardware with Arm64 and x86 (Intel®/AMD) architecture. Transparent prices No hidden costs; you can view all expenses at any time. Low to medium traffic For workloads that can handle variable CPU performance. Perfect for test environments Creates ideal conditions for simple testing and development environments. Create cloud instance Just a few steps away from your own cloud server This is the plan for you if you want to set up a cloud server in a cost-effective and uncomplicated way. Whether you need development and test environments, proof-of-concepts and prototypes, learning and training environments, smaller websites, or your own private blog – here you can flexibly try things out, build them up, and discard them again without worrying about high costs. How can our servers be so price-friendly? We use proven components for as long as it makes technical and economic sense. This extends the service life of the components and is therefore sustainable and resource-efficient. For you, this means noticeably lower prices. For example, our Cost-Optimized plan uses older but reliable processor generations from Ampere®, Intel®, and AMD. For the typical use cases of this plan, this is the ideal compromise between cost and performance. Cloud comparison: save on your cloud expenses Hetzner Cloud is the winner in terms of price-performance ratio The independent price-performance check shows that Hetzner offers significantly more computing power per dollar compared to its competitors. The analysis is based on objective benchmark data from sparecores.com and highlights how efficiently our cloud servers operate in relation to their costs. Create cloud instance Everything you need, included. API All essential functions for automatic management of the cloud infrastructure are also available via a developer-friendly REST API and a CLI tool. Integrations Integrations for various programming languages (e.g., Python and Go) and management frameworks (e.g., Ansible, Terraform, or Kubernetes) allow for a high degree of automation and integration of the cloud infrastructure, for example, in CI/CD pipelines. Networks Networks enable servers to communicate via a private network. They also allow complex network topologies to be created. Typical use cases include operating a Kubernetes cluster or a database that is not publicly accessible. Firewalls Our stateful firewalls enable easy infrastructure security without additional costs. Unwanted incoming and outgoing data traffic is blocked based on defined rules. Once configured, you can assign them to as many cloud servers as you like. Images Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, and many other Linux distributions are available as operating systems. So whether you are looking for a particularly beginner-friendly solution or want to operate long-term, predictable enterprise servers, the right option is available. Enhance your cloud with add-ons: Snapshots Snapshots are one-time, manually created copies of the server hard drive that remain permanently stored until they are actively deleted. They are ideal for recording defined system states or duplicating identical servers. Snapshots remain intact even after the original server has been deleted and allow full control over the timing and retention period. Other useful add-ons are Backups and Floating IPs. Create cloud instance Snapshots per GB per month Backups mo. price related to instance, starting at: Floating IPs per IPv6 per month Scale your cloud with powerful add-ons Block Storage Learn more Object Storage Learn more Load Balancer Learn more Start your first cloud project now As always, we keep it simple - from setup to use. If questions come up, though, our docs and tutorials are ready to help. Create cloud instance Cloud Docs Docs Cloud Guides Tutorials API Docs Docs Frequently asked questions How do you bill your servers? Servers have both a monthly price cap and a price per hour. Your server's bill will never exceed its monthly price cap. If you delete your Cloud Server before the end of the billing month, you will only be billed the hourly rate. We will bill you for each cloud server until you choose to delete them. Even if you aren't actively using your server, we will bill you for it. Do you bill servers that are off? Yes. All servers that have finished their creation process will be billed until they are deleted, regardless of their state. This is because, internally, we allocate full resources to servers regardless of their power state. And it enables rapid startup and boot times for you, the customer. What are the Hetzner Cloud Volumes? It is a feature for fast, flexible, and cost-effective (SSD based) block storage which you can attach to your Hetzner Cloud Server. How does Hetzner Online store the data in Volumes? Every block of data is stored on three different physical servers (triple replication). How many servers can I create? Each customer has a default limit for the number of Cloud resources that we simultaneously provide. If you would like to increase your limit, you can send a request to our support team by opening a support ticket via Hetzner Console. Our team will quickly review your request and, if everything is in order, they will increase your limit. Do you plan to add x feature?/Will you add more features? We want to keep adding new features and services and are always interested in hearing from you on how we can improve our product! There are several ways you can provide us with product feedback or feature requests: Via our forum: please post your request in the Hetzner Cloud Board Via email: send us your ideas to product-feedback@hetzner.com Unfortunately, we cannot give you a detailed roadmap of what we are working on. However, you can keep up to date by following us on our social media channels. Will you add additional locations in different geographic regions? We have continuously expanded our cloud locations in recent years. In addition to Germany and Finland, we now also have international locations in Ashburn, Virginia; Hillsboro, Oregon (USA) and Singapore. We are constantly examining possible future locations. If you don’t want to miss the opening of a new location, subscribe to our newsletter or follow us on our social media channels. More FAQs Not the right one? Discover our other offers Shared: Regular Performance starting from max/mo. Explore this plan Dedicated: General Purpose starting from max/mo. Explore this plan Subscribe to our Newsletter Hetzner Company Our Customers Sustainability new Blog Career Pressroom Support Support Center Contact Downloads Hetzner Docs Status Legal Legal notice Data privacy System policies Terms and conditions Digital Services Act Abuse form © 2026 Hetzner Online GmbH. All Rights Reserved. Prices 