 Overview - Hetzner Docs Docs English Choose platform Ask AI AI Activate JavaScript Please activate JavaScript in your browser and refresh this page. This platform will only perform optimally once JavaScript is activated. Reload page Docs Cloud Overview Last change on 2022-06-28 • Created on 2022-06-28 • ID: CL-B8510 Servers Cloud servers are virtual machines that run on physical servers and are used to run an operating system and computer programs. The physical servers are located in the USA, in Singapore, and in our data centers in Europe. The virtualization makes it possible for you to adjust the scale of your servers at any time. And you can easily add or remove other features if needed. Our cloud servers do not include public IP addresses but you can add Primary IPs if you would like to have a public network interface. You can choose to use existing Primary IPs (IPv4, IPv6) from your project or to create a new one with the server. You can create your own cloud server quickly and easily in the Hetzner Console (see this getting started ) and add features such as Firewalls and Volumes . You also have the option to create a new server from a snapshot. Pricing Cloud server prices vary depending on the type (Shared Resources, Dedicated Resources) and do not include public IP addresses. Per server, you can add one Primary IP of each type (IPv4, IPv6), see network options . Server types You can choose between Shared Resources and Dedicated Resources cloud servers. Shared Resources Dedicated Resources Cost-Optimized Regular Performance General Purpose older hardware gen. most recent hardware gen. most recent hardware gen. For best performance, hypervisors are used to distribute usage rights of CPU resources among several virtual servers Every dedicated resources instance has its own dedicated CPU resources Ideal for individual applications or development environments Ideal for CPU intensive applications or research calculations For more information about available plans and prices, see hetzner.com/cloud . Network options Cloud servers do not include public IP addresses. Therefore, a Primary IP has to be added to the server to establish a connection to the internet. We do not charge for our Primary IPs of type IPv6. We charge an additional cost of € 0.50/month (excl. VAT) for our Primary IPs of type IPv4. When creating a server, you can choose from three network options. At least one of those three options has to be selected. Option Private network no Primary IP at least one pvt IP Public network one Primary IP (IPv4 or IPv6 ) pvt IP optional Public network two Primary IPs (IPv4 and IPv6) pvt IP optional If you create a server with a public IP address and do not select an existing Primary IP from your project, our system will auto-create one for you. Please note: Each interface of a cloud server is automatically assigned a MAC address and connections to the internet only work with this assigned MAC address. Operating systems You can choose from Ubuntu , Fedora , Debian , CentOS , Rocky Linux , and AlmaLinux as your operating system. Resources and attributes The following resources and attributes are associated with this feature: Primary IPs Apps Volumes Floating IPs Firewalls Load Balancers Networks Backups Snapshots Placement Groups Name Labels Limits By default, up to 5 servers By default, up to 8 dedicated resource servers Up to 1 Primary IPv4 per server Up to 1 Primary IPv6 per server Up to 20 Floating IPs per server Up to 1 App per server Up to 1 Placement Group per server Up to 3 Networks per server Up to 5 Firewalls per server Up to 16 Volumes per server Please note: It can be possible to increase default limits if requested. Table of Contents Legal notice Data privacy System policies Terms and conditions © 2026. Hetzner Online GmbH. All Rights Reserved. 